Update snowflake-setup.md (#4680)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-snowflake.md

```

2. Finally, set the **Private Key** and **Private Key Passphrase** fields in the **Credentials** page to finish configuring dbt Cloud to authenticate with Snowflake using a key pair.

>    **Note:** Since dbt 0.16.0, unencrypted private keys are allowed. Only add the passphrase if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note:** From dbt version 0.16.0 onwards, unencrypted private keys are permitted. Use a passphrase only if needed.
```

>    Starting from dbt 1.5.0, you have the option to use a private_key string instead of a private_key_path. The private_key string should be in either Base64-encoded DER format, representing the key bytes, or a plain-text PEM format. Refer to Snowflake documentation for more info on how they generate the key.

Reviewer: is this the right snowflake doc? i don't think so but hoping it is

```suggestion
As of dbt version 1.5.0, you can use a `private_key` string in place of `private_key_path`. This `private_key` string can be either Base64-encoded DER format for the key bytes or plain-text PEM format. For more details on key generation, refer to the [Snowflake documentation](https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/How-to-configure-Snowflake-key-pair-authentication-fields-in-dbt-connection).

```

```

2. Finally, set the **Private Key** and **Private Key Passphrase** fields in the **Credentials** page to finish configuring dbt Cloud to authenticate with Snowflake using a key pair.

> **Note:** From dbt version 0.16.0 onwards, unencrypted private keys are permitted. Use a passphrase only if needed.

Reviewer 2: Removing the "0.16.0" language as this is long since deprecated
```suggestion
**Note:** Unencrypted private keys are permitted. Use a passphrase only if needed.
```

As of dbt version 1.5.0, you can use a `private_key` string in place of `private_key_path`. This `private_key` string can be either Base64-encoded DER format for the key bytes or plain-text PEM format. For more details on key generation, refer to the [Snowflake documentation](https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/How-to-configure-Snowflake-key-pair-authentication-fields-in-dbt-connection).

> 4. To successfully fill in the Private Key field, you **must** include commented lines. If you're receiving a `Could not deserialize key data` or `JWT token` error, refer to [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) for more info. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. To successfully fill in the Private Key field, you _must_ include commented lines. If you receive a `Could not deserialize key data` or `JWT token` error, refer to [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) for more info. 
```
